**PROMPT:**

Past Medical History Seen and examined. Pain controlled. Tolerating diet. Feeling well. 

**RESPONSE:**

  I did some research.  Here is a list as I saw it with the information provided. My Current Mood - Calm, Positive, and optimistic. I was asked to be examined for a blood glucose or blood pressure test - they do not ask for that type of test.  This had happened on two or three occasions. If I were seen and examined, they would determine if all of my current medications were working or not. Some of the other stuff is not mentioned below either.  The only negative thing they mention about me is that I am on anti-hypertensive meds but I'm so tired that I can barely stand up.  There were a few times when I'd drive myself to the ER/EMT - once for a sprain on my shin, and once to get the cataract surgery - I would go the ER in my car and the driver was just as confused as I was.  I could still drive but the car did not operate on its own.  I had a couple of doctor visits and the first one was that I was on a prescription for the blood pressure medicine and I was told that if I did not come in with low blood pressure then I'd be seen the next day. The last one was for a mild cough.  I could not cough at all.  It was cold in there but I think it was from being cold for a while.  I was given some cough medicines to try but did not need it.  I was not taken to the hospital for any of these. I do have one other thing that was mentioned in the list that does bother me.  I need to be more aware of eating out.  I've done it once but it was just a trip to a fancy place where I was asked where that restaurant was.  I had to think it over a bit when I found out there were so many choices! I'm planning on getting a job in the next two years and I plan on finding a nice job I can do because I know this will not work out. I think there are things that I can do to help myself as much as possible.  Some of it will come from eating a meal or two each day.  I'll keep trying and I'll try to stay as busy as I can - keep doing things to stay busy, get out and about, get off from my computer or cell phone and get out in the beautiful locales.  