**PROMPT:**

Assessment: The patient was admitted in spontaneous labor in the morning of Jan 3rd. Her spouse was reactive and reassuring throughout the course of her stay in labor and delivery.

**RESPONSE:**

  We took an ultrasound on Jan 4th and had our first appointment with her on the 5th (and a second on Jan 6th).   On Jan 7th she was found to be 25 cm dilated, and the baby was 20 cm long. She was having contractions for about 5 minutes, and she had to be sedated twice to achieve a cervix that could be induced by our midwife.  We did not perform a c-section because I was concerned about the risk of hemorrhage, and because it was too late by the time we could perform a c-section.   On Jan 12th another c-section was done. It was done by a young, inexperienced midwife after a few hours of labor and was pretty uncomplicated. The baby did not suffer.   In our first couple of days in labor, I was pretty confident the baby was growing well. One night, though, during the late stages of labor, I noticed there was a little bit of discharge. I didn't think much of it, because I was a pretty big woman (600 lbs at the time) and at first thought it was just that our midwife had changed into his clothes (like we do in the NICU on the way to a C-section). No one knows how many times a baby has an upper respiratory infection, so we were hoping it could go away on its own. Well, not the case. There was enough discharge that I looked and she said there was a very small baby in the middle of our pelvis. I called our midwife, and he thought he'd need to take the baby to the NICU immediately. There was a big, white, white, little baby at the end of my pelvis that was the size of a dime: small. I think my husband had to tell him he had a baby in there. We were told to let the baby stay. I guess he had a vision of a tiny baby running around in a diaper.  My husband took the baby out of the pelvis, put it on the exam table, and then took him out again. He wasn't even very happy when he did that. I thought maybe if he went down further he would be able to notice that there was a tiny thing on the floor. He didn't find the tiny thing, but he did notice that the baby didn't fit in our pelvis! That made me very upset, because all he saw was a very, very tiny baby in the