**PROMPT:**

Medical Decision Making: Patient should follow up within 2 days and continue medications as prescribed

**RESPONSE:**

 , if at all possible.  Medication Errors: Treat the underlying cause of symptoms. If the patient is having heart, circulation or lung problems then they require medication. If a medication does not work or if symptoms have not improved, then discontinue medication and consult their physician for further instructions on changing drugs. If the patient is not sure of their diagnosis, then they are able to determine by asking their physician to perform a physical. However, this procedure should be made immediately if an adverse drug reaction begins, such as fever, cough, redness, headache or weakness in the arms and legs, or any unusual changes in behavior such as seizures or twitching of the limbs (e.g. arm jerks).  Medication Overdose: If possible, immediately discontinue medication, and seek immediate medical care for overdose. If this is not possible, then seek an emergency room medical emergency (E.R.) care.  Cancer: In the past, there was a suggestion that if cancer had metastasized to a specific area, or if the patient was young, it was recommended they follow a diet, which has helped reduce the spread of the cancer. There are conflicting reports now which will require further investigation. However, if the patient has been following a low carbohydrate diet while undergoing chemotherapy, there was no guarantee they would be able to achieve results. At this time, the best option is to reduce the intake of carbohydrates and to increase amounts of protein and fat. However, this should be decided together with the patient's doctor.  HIV/AIDS: Low carb diet has been shown to decrease the levels of the virus in the bloodstream and increase the ability to kill the virus. To date there are no reports of death due to HIV/AIDS (AIDS) in the United States as a result of a low-carbohydrate diet.