**PROMPT:**

HISTORY & PHYSICAL This is a follow-up visit from prior encounter for back pain. The patient is continuing physicial therapy and OTC medications to manage the pain

**RESPONSE:**

  in the hip area. Patient reports the symptoms have not improved for a few weeks, now appears as if is getting worse. On previous visit, patient was seeing a chiropractor with an assessment and therapy plan, but this time visit the patient had not seen a chiropractor. Patients previous visits had been to several pain management care experts at various healthcare facilities within the city. The patient is also currently experiencing numbness and tingling on the left side.  MATERIALS & PROCEDURES This will include a physical examination and/or examination of any other physical examination required for diagnosis, including an x-ray, MRI or other tests and imaging, including: Finger Pads  Anterior Gluteal Mass  Ankle Caps  Ankle Strap Testing  Osteochondral Therapy/Treatment  Osteoarthritis Testing  Pain Treatment Options (PTCUs)  Pain Assessment with PTCU Procedure  Pain Analysis  Pain Control/Treatment  Physical Therapist Diagnosis  Pain Treatment Options (PTCUs)  Pain Assessment with PTCU Procedure Patient has not yet seen a physical therapist. Patient is receiving analgesics from a PTCU as per manufacturer's recommendation. In accordance to manufacturer's recommendations Patient is not receiving an NSAID. Patient has been prescribed a variety of drugs to relieve pain from all sources (pain management, Tylenol, etc.) at various doses according to the patient's symptoms. Patient is currently taking 2-4 pills of acetaminophen/ paracetamol at each dose. Patient is currently experiencing symptoms consistent with hip arthritis, including: Back Pain  Shin Pain  Right Ankle Pain  Low Back Pain  Bunion Pain  Pain in right foot  Pain on left leg   BACK PROSTHESIS Patient is being assessed with a physical therapist that will be treating the patient. The patient is receiving a back brace from a PTCU and will receive physical therapy for other issues including posture and movement control.  RESEARCHING:  REFERENCES 1) http://www.thehindubusiness.com/healthcare/news/article_15a9fd4a3-5f6c-5a2a-bbb1-e9b58f0ce7a2.html 2) http://www.cdc.gov/nccdphp/downloads