**PROMPT:**

HPI Comments Patient reports itchy eyes, runny nose and other symptoms of allergic rhinitis

**RESPONSE:**

  that develop following exposure to a bee sting. Itchy eyes, runny nose and other symptoms of allergic rhinitis that develop following exposure to a bee sting are the result of the reaction of allergy sufferers to histamine. Histamine in this case is a hormone produced by the peripheral nerves and transported to the eyes through the nose and mouth. It is important to realize that histamine doesn't cross the blood-brain barrier that protects the central nervous system. It is produced in the lung when there is a large inhalation. The histamine is then transported to the brain where it causes allergic symptoms. Anaphylaxis can develop in people that are unresponsive to antihistamines.  In addition, histamine can also increase the release of adrenaline, and therefore can trigger panic attacks.  Hormonal effects of a stinging insect: The body is able to break down allergens (herbivores, carnivores, and pathogens like bacteria) in order to produce substances (allergens) to fend off the threat and protect the body from future exposure to the irritants. When the insect stings, the body produces a small amount of histamine to fight off the insect's venom. If you believe one, you are more vulnerable than with other insect bites.  It may be possible to increase the release of histamine by:  Increasing the volume of venom (the concentration of saliva)  Taking an antivenom immediately after stinging (some antivenoms have a longer half-life than some other antivenoms)  Providing a decongestant cream immediately after stinging (decongestants often also contain antihistamines)  An antivenom that reduces the effects of histamine (antihistamines are antihistamines with more of a histamine-altering effect than other antihistamines)  Antihistamines can be used in conjunction with other treatments for allergy for severe reactions to stinging insects, such as a medical-grade hypoallergenic cream, antivenom, oral steroids, and even topical ointment.  Hormonal effects of a stinging insect: It is not known whether histamine increases the amount of adrenaline and thus causes adrenal insufficiency in allergic rhinitis. Adrenal insufficiency is caused by an inability to synthesize the hormones cortisol and adrenaline. The ability to produce hormones in the adrenal glands also causes a build up of excess sodium and potassium. Sodium