**PROMPT:**

Plan of Treatment:  Refer to cardiologist for additional monitoring. Continue on current medications

**RESPONSE:**

 .  Precautions:  Avoid alcohol while having an MRI.  The following medications have been evaluated for treatment of tinnitus:  Dalmane, Cimetidine in patients with central or peripheral tinnitus who had moderate to severe tinnitus;   Cimetidine (Dalmane速/Metaprotere速) in patients with central or peripheral tinnitus who had moderate to severe tinnitus;  Clonidine (Sevidien速) in patients who have central or peripheral tinnitus who have moderate to severe tinnitus;  Ondansetron (Zofran速) in patients who have central or peripheral tinnitus with moderate to severe tinnitus.  Preparations  General Preparation:  After obtaining the appropriate authorization for your procedure, you may be required to show proof of current insurance. You should obtain the physician's approval and prior authorization from the treating provider's insurance company. Your physician may require a detailed history of your tinnitus problem and should check the following items:  Current health conditions  Past medical history  Any medical and/or medication use  Family history of tinnitus  Tolerance level  Preparation for Treatment  You will be given a general or basic instruction sheet that includes tinnitus symptom checklists. You will be given instructions on how to use any recording equipment and how to take the appropriate tests. If you have special equipment or special health problems, you must make arrangements for the proper use and documentation of the test results.  During your pre-test exam, the doctor will examine you physically in the clinic. If the doctor suspects your condition may be tinnitus, a detailed history will be recorded. You may be asked to provide additional information about the following:  Tinnitus conditions  Sudden hearing loss  Family history of tinnitus  General health  Medical and/or psychologic history  Any other symptoms of the illness  The doctor has the right to request specific tests.  Preparation for Administration of the Testes Block  You may or may not be required to have a CT scan with the testes blocked prior to your test. If you are treated with medication prior to having a scan, the medication can affect the results and the scan may not be performed. If you do not take medication prior to the test, your test are