**PROMPT:**

Medical Decision Making (MDM): Fever and urinary symptoms: Should these symptoms return please contact your family doctor urgently or visit your nearest emergency department.

**RESPONSE:**

   Fever and urinary symptoms: Should these symptoms return please contact your family doctor urgently or visit your nearest emergency department. Skin rashes and irritation: Should minor skin rashes and itchiness develop please contact your nearest emergency department.  Should minor skin rashes and itchiness develop please contact your nearest emergency department. Irritations, redness and swelling (HSS): This can be severe and is most likely to appear in the first few days after starting the treatment. Please contact your nearest Emergency department should a large blister form which might need to be removed.  This can be severe and is most likely to appear in the first few days after starting the treatment. Please contact your nearest Emergency department should a large blister form which might need to be removed. Allergic reactions: Allergy to medicines should be ruled out first in order to give TMG more time to work. These should be treated with an antihistamine. Allergic reactions to TMG and other medications have been reported. The majority have included urticaria (hives) as well as anaphylaxis (anaphylaxis usually comes from a reaction to an allergen) The following should be noted: If you are unsure please contact: Patient Information Centre   Hospital Referral  The Emergency Department of the hospital  You will be invited to take a questionnaire, which will help us to advise you if the treatment has helped. If you wish to continue TMG treatment, you will be required to complete a new questionnaire following the advice of the medical team.  *Please note, as this is a limited trial, we do not expect to benefit from any repeat visits to the emergency department and therefore encourage you not to postpone the treatment without first consulting your Family Doctor