**PROMPT:**

AP:  Pt is a uncontrolled type 2 diabetic with stage 3 chronic kidney disease. A nephrology consult and continued management of hypertension 

**RESPONSE:**

 ______________________________________________________________  Mast Cells and Mast Cell Activators of the Mast Cells:  Dendritic Cells + CD34 + Tregs to Stimulate and Normalize Mast Cell Activity. Mast Cells are the primary lymphoid organs in our bodies; they produce both CD4 and CD8 T cells and are responsible for protecting the body from microbial infection but also for activating immune memory responses following exposure to a pathogen.  I have a friend with an autoimmune disease that makes her immune system react to almost all foods by producing an autoantibody called MHC class II (MHC IIb) for HLA. She is eating gluten, no fish, soy, nut and very little wheat. Her body is responding to gluten (from wheat/pasta ) by producing antibodies against MHC molecules. These reactivated MHC molecules then react with other immune antibodies (known as "immunoglobulins") to form a complex immune system.  When we eat food that triggers an autoimmune disease, this complex system becomes more active, triggering an autoimmune reaction and attacking healthy B cells and promoting inflammation which then triggers an antibody response (including Ig-A, IgG and IgM) against MHC molecules. I have not heard of anyone with a gluten sensitization or Celiac disease that responds to food containing gluten. But if you think of gluten as an antigen, then it should create an immune response in your body when it passes into your small intestine. As you read this, my friend's immune system is reacting, and responding to gluten. Her response is abnormal and this will make her body more able to protect against foreign invaders. I would not be surprised if eating foods containing gluten makes her more susceptible to food allergies – and her immune system more aggressive against any foods that contain gluten.  Dendritic Cells + CD34 + Tregs. I would like to talk about a different part of the mast cell response called the Tregs. Tregs were mentioned as a new target in my previous post. Tregs have been identified as a component of the innate immune response that is important in controlling chronic diseases such as diabetes and inflammatory bowel diseases. Tregs are a type of immune cell that help maintain tissue homeostasis. In inflammatory bowel disease, Tregs can secrete inflammatory cytokines, chemokines, and chemokine receptors that further drive inflammation, inflammation, and cell death. But these Tregs are important as well in the normal healthy gut. In