**PROMPT:**

Plan of Treatment:  Refer to cardiologist for additional monitoring. Continue on current medications

**RESPONSE:**

   Drugs:  Use the following for the 6 months of treatment and for 4 to 6 months after stopping treatment: ACE-inhibitor; beta blockers; thyroid hormone; estrogen  Inform a health care provider if you have or are likely to have any of these conditions: liver or kidney disease, bleeding disorders such as anemia, diabetes, or certain blood disorders  Monitoring:  Continue following the instructions for taking the medication and following the doctor's instructions for managing the disease. Be aware that you may need frequent blood tests.  Interactions  None well documented.  Overdose  If you are prescribed Adderall XR and overdose, call your doctor or poison control center right away, as this will not affect its effectiveness. Get emergency medical assistance right away.  Precautions  If you are not on Adderall XR because you are allergic to it, tell your doctor if you have a history of headaches, dizziness, problems concentrating, changes in hearing, changes in vision, ringing in ears, weakness on one side of the body, fast heartbeat, or a skin rash (eczema, herpes zoster) that has not cleared up after 1 day. Stop taking Adderall XR and call your doctor if you have signs of heart problems that include chest pain, shortness of breath, weakness, or dizziness  Do not use Adderall XR if you currently have or are pregnant. It can harm the unborn baby and may lead to birth defects. Talk with your doctor about proper use if you are pregnant.  To safely use Adderall XR, the recommended dose depends on the amount of time your doctor has studied your condition and the type of symptoms you are experiencing.  Do not exceed:  600 mg of Adderall XR per day, for 4 to 6 months  900 mg of Adderall XR per day, for 12 to 16 months  You will need regular blood tests before and after treatment with Adderall XR, as instructed by your doctor. You should not have other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) with Adderall XR.  Adrenaclick (Adexal®) is not approved for the treatment of ADHD or any other condition, and must not be substituted for one of the other FDA-approved FDA-approved medicines for ADHD.  How is Adderall XR Supplied  Adder