**PROMPT:**

HPI Comments Patient is being seen today for her obstetrical visit. She is at 27w0d weeks gestation. Patient reports no complaints, no bleeding, no leaking, no contractions.

**RESPONSE:**

  Patient is a 32w0d. The cervix is open. Patient feels a lump/mass when touching her abdomen. PDA is not present. She has a history of hysterectomy. No pregnancy test results reported from the patient. The baby is in utero. Patient will be seen early next week. The woman is in excellent overall health. A cephalic version of the C.T.I. and D.A.I. have never been used in this patient. This is a repeat. She was seen yesterday but had a history of heavy menstrual bleeding, which led to a D.A.I. which was not followed-up. We have taken the following steps:  A C.T.I. and D.A.I. were given, but failed to control the contractions. The D.A.I. is not considered the reason for this failure. Two weeks ago, we began a third series of C.T.I. and D.A.I. However, this is a repeat, and this time, the D.A.I. has been successful.  The patient is being seen for her obstetrical visit. She is at 27w0d weeks gestation. Patient reports no complaints, no bleeding, no leaking, no contractions. Patient is a 32w0d. The cervix is open. Patient feels a lump/mass when touching her abdomen. PDA is not present. She has a history of hysterectomy. No pregnancy test results reported from the patient. The baby is in utero. Patient will be seen early next week. The woman is in excellent overall health. A cephalic version of the C.T.I. and D.A.I. have never been used in this patient. This is a repeat. She was seen yesterday but had a history of heavy menstrual bleeding, which led to a D.A.I. which was not followed-up. We have taken the following steps: Infection. On the previous pregnancy test, we found a normal result. Since we had been taking these medications, we continued for 4 more cycles, and then stopped the C.T.I. for a week, because of the infection which the previous women developed before.  On the previous pregnancy test, we found a normal result. Since we had been taking these medications, we continued for 4 more cycles, and then stopped the C.T.I. for