**PROMPT:**

AP:  Fever and urinary symptoms: Should these symptoms return please contact your family doctor urgently or visit your nearest emergency department.

**RESPONSE:**

   FLINCHES, GINGIVA: If you get a fever and get vaginal bleeding we recommend you consult your family doctor asap.  HIVE SYMPTOMS: If you have been given a new prescription to take it's important to keep taking it as you should always be monitored by your doctor to ensure you are not receiving a dose higher than the maximum recommended daily dose.  HUMAN LABORATORY EXAMINATION: The doctor can examine you in the laboratory and take a blood sample to do a general examination (for example to check for infections). This blood sample should be checked for hepatitis, HIV and syphilis.  PROCEDURES TO BE TAKEN WHILE TREATMENT IS IN PROCESS: You should take the following immediately:  Vitamin B complex - You should take 250 mg three times a day for 7 days.  Pellegrino Efficacy  This treatment was used extensively in the past and is still used as a means to prevent the development of severe complications from syphilis.  Some of the other treatments which have been used for treating syphilis are still available but have not been clinically shown to be effective and should not be used. Many other treatments for syphilis are ineffective or toxic.  Some of the drugs currently used include antibiotics, interferons (for preventing liver cancer) and some types of antifungals (for skin or soft tissue fungal infections). This would be a great cause of concern for any patient receiving treatment for STDs - why take a drug when other drugs, such as the ones we listed above, are already available?  There are other non drug treatments that have been proven to be successful in treating Syphilis. These include anti-herpes simplex vaccines and topical treatments. These include (but are not limited to):  Topical treatments (for skin infections) include: Sulfa based creams such as sulfur, sulfadiazine, sulfacetamide, and sulfur dioxide creams, such as S.S.R.L, Sulfa Sulfa, S.S.A.L, S.S.A.F (a topical treatment used to treat herpes) and Sulfaflo (a topical therapy used to treat herpes). The creams may be used for 1 week to prevent, treat or prevent recurrence if used properly.  If herpes was present before treatment, the cream should be