**PROMPT:**

Medical Decision Making: Patient will be discharged to home from ED with a 7-day course of antiobotics to treat an acute urinary tract infection

**RESPONSE:**

  (UTIs) or other persistent infection.  Prehospital Education and/or Coordination of Care: After a patient is stabilized by ED medical personnel, staff should take over all prehospital care to ensure that patient(s) and/or family members are able to participate, with appropriate documentation, in prehospital care at the site of ED arrival.  Prehospital Communication and Documentation: Staff should document both patient-centered and hospital-centered care with prehospital charts and paperwork.  Agency Discharge Plan  Agency discharge plans should be clearly and concisely stated and include patient medical and discharge information such as:  A description of illness status that includes the diagnosis (e.g., acute coronary syndrome), age, sex, date of onset, medical comorbidities, expected hospitalization time, and/or the anticipated date of discharge.  Additional details concerning the discharge and any complications.  An explanation of anticipated length of stay, duration of hospitalization, and anticipated complications.  A description of possible alternative care plans, emergency contact numbers, and other alternative contact information.  Information regarding patient assistance programs.  In all cases, the plan should be reviewed and revised frequently to reflect appropriate changes in illness or health as well as changes in the hospital setting and staff.  Prehospital Transportation to the Hospital  The level of care provided by EMS personnel is determined by their training, experience, availability, staffing levels, facilities available in the area, and availability and appropriateness of medical equipment, medications, and supplies. There can be substantial variability between EMS agencies in the level of prehospital trauma care in different medical settings.  EMS agencies have developed protocols for preparing ambulances to safely transport patients to the hospital. These protocols can be used by hospitals throughout the nation if needed in emergencies. In all situations, a standard protocol for prehospital ambulance transport should be followed as outlined below.  Prehospital Transportation Protocol:  The National Association of EMS Physicians provides the following guidelines in their Emergency Management Guidelines:  Transport as close to the scene as possible.  Allow the vehicle to stop at least 10 feet from the curb. A stop should be made so no patient is trapped by a vehicle.  Use two people to assist in a patient's stretcher. This will allow the patient's feet to be elevated safely, allowing the ambulance driver time to pass.  Allow at least 18 to 20 minutes to prepare the vehicle to the hospital. 