**PROMPT:**

AP:  Patient will be discharged to home from ED with a 7-day course of antiobotics to treat an acute urinary tract infection

**RESPONSE:**

 , followed by an unannounced follow-up visit.  DUID:  Patient will be discharged to home from ED with a 7-day course of antiobiotics to treat an acute urinary tract infection, followed by an unannounced follow-up visit.  PROP:  Patient will be discharged to home with 2 days off for IV sedation.  DUD:  Patient will be discharged to home with 6 days of benzodiazepine and/or opioid for possible comorbidities.  DUP:  Patient will be discharged to home with 3 days of benzodiazepine and/or opioid for possible comorbidities.  PROP:  Patient will be discharged to home with 8 days of benzodiazepine and/or opioid for possible comorbidities.  DUD:  Patient will be discharged to home with 4 days of benzodiazepine and/or opioid for possible comorbidities.  This is a rough estimate based on the guidelines. If you are not familiar with them, the exact discharge protocols can be found here at www.fda.gov/medwatch/DiseasesAndRisk/ucm06548.htm.  What happens if all my treatment plans fail?  When you are discharged from the hospital, the clinician will write you a discharge instructions form that you will fill out and bring to the discharge center with you. Be sure in this discharge instructions that you ask the staff to follow that plan as they are responsible for all your treatment, whether they agree or disagree with it. If you don't follow your discharge instructions, it will affect your ability to take care of yourself.  You will have some additional treatment after discharge. This is where the most common treatment failures occur (not all). The most common treatment failures are:  You forget to start your medication in a timely manner or take it improperly or improperly.  The sedatives/anti-anxiety medications have a high dropout rate.  You miss your doses.  This is a major disappointment for many doctors and nurses because patients can become severely depressed and lose motivation following discharge.  How do I prepare for discharge?  You will have to find your own ways to address your medications. Even if you are on your drugs well, you will still miss a dose.  You will have an appointment with the clinician when you have left the hospital.  You will have your