**PROMPT:**

Past Medical History This is Medicare wellness visit. Patient reports with no complaints and is currently taking atorvastatin for lipid management and aspirin OTC daily

**RESPONSE:**

 . Patient will not continue cholesterol-lowering medication on current medications.  No history of cardiovascular disease, stroke, or MI.  Have no use of lipid-lowering agents or lipid-mimicking medications.  Report blood glucose, lipids, and HbA1C as normal. This is Medicare wellness visit. Patient reports with no complaints and is currently taking atorvastatin for lipid management and aspirin OTC daily. Patient will not continue cholesterol-lowering medication on current medications.  No history of cardiovascular disease, stroke, or MI.  Have no use of lipid-lowering agents or lipid-mimicking medications.  Report blood glucose, lipids, and HbA1C as normal.  This is your 2nd report of diabetes mellitus within 5 years. Your past medications include clopidogrel, rosuvastatin, lovastatin, atorvastatin, simvastatin, pravastatin, and apixaban. The medication(s) you are currently taking and the number of pills you take are given below.  Report Your Prescription Medications  This is your 2nd report of diabetes mellitus within 5 years. Your past medications include clopidogrel, rosuvastatin, lovastatin, atorvastatin, simvastatin, pravastatin, and apixaban. The medication(s) you are currently taking and the number of pills you take are given below.  Patient takes 2 cholesterol-lowering medications:  Patient reports no serious side effects  No severe allergic reactions  No new or worsening liver or kidney disease  Patient does not have any diabetes-related side effects or concerns  Patient does not have heart disease, cancer, renal failure, stroke, or peripheral arterial disease  Please call 9-5 for appointment. It is vital that you receive a medical evaluation at a CMA or your specialty provider before beginning therapy with statins.  Please call 9-5 for appointment. It is vital that you receive a medical evaluation at a CMA or your specialty provider before beginning therapy with statins.  The most important rule of thumb for people taking statins is a daily dose of 400mg of a combination of atorvastatin, rosuvastatin, atorvastatin sodium, lovastatin, atorvastatin