**PROMPT:**

H&P EXAMINATION Seen and examined. Pain controlled. Tolerating diet. Feeling well. 

**RESPONSE:**

 __________________________________________________ QUESTION: __________________________________________________ __________________________________________ QUESTION: __________________________________________ __________________________________________ Question#1 1. During the week prior to your last surgery, did you have any pain or symptoms during your morning, evening or night time sleep (i.e. sore muscles, back, neck, headache, etc.)? If so please describe this pain. 2. During the week prior to your last surgery, did you have any severe pain in your lower back, back muscles, hip or leg? If so, please describe this pain. 3. What did you feel to be the cause? What was happening to control this severe pain? Please describe. 4. During the week prior to your last surgery, did you have any severe pain with sleep? If so please describe. If not, please describe why? 5. During the past four months, have you ever had a day or two of severe pain in your lower back, back muscles, hip or leg and you could not control it? If you answered yes, please state what days and/or periods of time it happened. 6. What did you feel during these days and/or periods of time? 7. After your last surgery, are it possible you had back and/or leg pain at night after sleeping? If you answered yes, please tell us a little more about this. 8. If you have been diagnosed with chronic pain in the upper part of your back, why? If you have answered yes to anything except the last one, please do not answer other questions but please give your last name. __________________________________________________ QUESTION: __________________________________________________ __________________________________________ QUESTION: __________________________________________ __________________________________________ Question#2 1. During your last surgery, did you have the surgery yourself OR a general surgeon did you see? If so please describe the surgery you underwent. 2. Please describe your post-operative weight and your food intake while at home. __________________________________________________ QUESTION: __________________________________________________ __________________________________________ QUESTION: __________________________________________ __________________________________________ Question #3: Did your body weight change at home after your last surgery? If yes what happened? (for example - weight loss, gain, ect.) 3. Why and how did your body weight changes during the past four months? 4. How did these weight changes affect your ability to do normal day-to-day activities (e.g. going to work, going shopping, etc.)? 5. How did