**PROMPT:**

HISTORY & PHYSICAL Patient has concerns including Rash. Itchy rash started yesterday AM on face. Was red, faded, then more red and tender in afternoon. Took benadryl once yesterday with history of no new food or products

**RESPONSE:**

  recently. It's the fourth time this season. No other change in our medications or diet. Not sure if I'm imagining anything. I'm worried because my doctor will be reviewing my prescription, but I don't want to stress about that. I just don't like thinking of anything bad happening that you can't do anything about. I think it might be time to stop taking the Benadryl or at least make sure not to have more than one night a week, but I have to think about the rash, not the allergy and what I can do. Is there a more drastic solution?  ANSWER: If rash is worse after taking Benadryl - it can be a sign of the allergy. Talk to your doctor. Tell him you have had red rash, itching, swelling, or other symptoms since taking the benadryl. He could start you on an antihistamine and prescribe an allergy medication. Or, he can prescribe a corticosteroid. It may be necessary to stop the Benadryl and see the allergist, because the reason the Benadryl is needed is due to the allergy.  STAGE 3 REQUEST QUESTION: I've been taking Benadryl for three years. The last time I had a rash (not allergic) I stopped taking the Benadryl and it went away. The following day I started again after washing my face. A few days later, I had a small red bump on my head. This occurred after a nap and I immediately thought it was a bug bite. I checked it out with my doctor. It was a large bump on my right cheek. I thought what the heck and didn't bother it with an antibiotic. The next morning, the bump was larger and bigger and got bigger. By the time I got out of bed, it was red. I washed it off and it stayed that way for a week after that. It hasn't gotten any smaller but the redness is gone. I did get some redness in my lip on its right side, but it is not a big deal. I've seen other reports of people not seeing an allergic reaction, but having this reaction, so why is there an allergic reaction after the Benadryl has left the body?  ANSWER: Since Benadryl is an antihistamine, there can be an allergic reaction when the drug passes from the body into the bloodstream. If this happens, the symptoms will be mild compared to someone who has