**PROMPT:**

H&P EXAMINATION Patient reports itchy eyes, runny nose and other symptoms of allergic rhinitis

**RESPONSE:**

 .  The patient is taking a drug to suppress the immune system called the anti-histamine Clarithromycin 1mg three times a day.   He describes the symptoms as similar to an itchy rhinitis, except the symptoms are worse and last longer. No symptoms of allergic rhinitis are reported during treatment.  Dr. Thomas D'Agostino, professor of Otolaryngology, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, who is one of the authors of the article, wrote in an e-mail: "Some dermatologists think allergy rhinitis is when you have a skin rash and sneezing similar to an allergic reaction, but our study shows that allergic rhinitis only happens with Clarithromycin.  "In fact, patients reported a much more severe allergic reaction with this drug compared with other anti-H (i.e. antihistamine) medications, which is a good reason to be wary of this possibility, especially if you have a family history of asthma or of allergic rhinitis."  The patients in the study had the highest prevalence of allergic rhinitis in either family history or by the way they smelled (as measured with a quantitative nasal polydactyl nasal polyphoremeter test) before they received Clarithromycin.  The study appears online in the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology. The work was undertaken by Drs. D'Agostino and Thomas E. Ciesiz, both professors in the Department of Otolaryngology and Head and Neck Surgery at UCLA.