**PROMPT:**

H&P EXAMINATION The patient reports several symptoms associated with depression, including low enegery and irregular sleeping habits. The patient has

**RESPONSE:**

  been taking H1-blocking agents for over 20 years, which had no effect on the symptoms. The patient has been using H1 blockers for 3 years prior to initiating lithium infusions and was unaware of these side effects. The patient was unable to work because of symptoms, which have not returned before starting lithium infusions. The patient reports a positive family history (5% of all family members with bipolar disorder). The patient's mother was involved in both the diagnosis and care of her adult son with bipolar disorder since adolescence and the patient's grandmother was involved in care of her own child with depression in her 60s. One week before start of lithium infusions the patient was asked several questions relating to his mood and sleep problems. These questions were as follows: "How do you feel at times when you think you are very happy? If the answer to this question is always one of gloom or despair, please explain to me why you were so affected by this? "Have you ever had mood swings and was it severe, intense, or even debilitating, and how did that affect the way you think of yourself? "Have you ever been suicidal, to what degree? Did it make you sad and miserable, and what is the worst part of the feeling if anything?" At the time of the interview the patient was experiencing suicidal thinking. During the patient's initial depressive episode he felt depressed for several weeks and was hospitalized for 5 or 6 days in a psychiatric ward. After the discharge, he was referred back to the psychiatric ward, where he remained for a month, followed by 9 months of care provided by a family therapist. The patient has since remarried and has had 3 more children. As the patient has become better on lithium, he has asked about how the symptoms of severe depression and suicide were alleviated, what had happened to them, and if he had been helped. The patient has not reported any suicide attempts although he has discussed with others how he is thinking about suicide. He did not report a major depressive episode during the interview, although he feels like a depressive and is depressed for about 20% of the time. Because of this, the patient is taking lithium at 10 mg/day. The patient can perform routine day-to-day tasks such as showering, eating, and preparing laundry. However, he is taking lithium to help him get out of bed and feel relaxed and less anxious. As the patient has gotten better on lithium, it has been helpful to him and his new spouse to have some discussion about suicide. This discussion