**PROMPT:**

HISTORY & PHYSICAL This is a follow-up visit for diabetes management and for management of glucose control. The pt was previously referred to a nephrologist

**RESPONSE:**

 . The pt had had a diagnosis of diabetes, but no medications had been provided. The nephrologist thought the nephron was being used as a "glucose storage chamber" and felt the pt's nephron should be removed completely. The nephrologist then felt he needed to look at the pt's pancreas to check for a nephron that was being clogged with fat. On examination, there were 4-5 fat-rich areas on the pancreatic endoscope that were being pushed out with a needle by the nephrologist. The pt had a palpable fat cyst in the center of the endoscope. A biopsy of this fat cyst revealed a small tumor. After discussion with the nephrologist and pt, the nephrologist felt the biopsy was in the right place and recommended the pt take the nephrotomy to remove the tumor.  LIMITATIONS There are 2 limitations with the study. The first limitation is the need to identify the right nephron-sparing surgery. With a larger number of patients, the same kind of surgery may be performed more than once. The second limitation is there may be some bias towards the surgical procedure being performed in patients with fat-rich fat cysts.  CONCLUSION The goal of this study was to identify nephron-sparing surgery for the management of morbid obesity. This could be an inexpensive and safe option for patients with morbid obesity who have fat-rich fat cysts in the pancreas. It is hoped that this new surgery and this procedure will increase the frequency and severity of surgery for morbid obesity.  INVESTIGATION & CARE In this case report of a patient who had a fat-rich cyst in the nephron and no nephrotomy was performed, we identified that it was a fat cyst of the pancreas. This fat cyst in the pancreas is referred to as an intraductal cyst, although it can be found anywhere in the pancreas. We felt the reason that the fat cyst had formed at the pancreas was that the fat in the pancreas had started to accumulate around it for reasons that have not been identified as to how this fat started to accumulate. Since then, the fat cyst was removed. We are in the process of analyzing the biopsy to determine if the tissue is actually a fat cyst for treatment. It seems very possible that it was