**PROMPT:**

History of Present Illness 25 y/o F presents to the ED with R knee pain and bilateral ankle pain following a fall. Pt states she fell down x2 steps onto cement. States she twisted her ankles and R knee.

**RESPONSE:**

   BMC Ultrasound -  UPSC: 26:11, 13 y/o M presents to ED for an abdominal pain with micturition difficulty, he says he's been trying to go without for about 3 days. Pt says may be due to increased food intake which may be an indicator of GI obstruction.  UPSC: 21:17, 11y/o M presents to ED complaining of increased nausea  BP: 110/75  Fever: 103.4 (BP 90)  Urea: .7 mg/L (SB/FAST)  Blood:  Glycosylated hemoglobin: .02 (SB/FAST)  Hematocrit: 32.5%  PROC/ED:  Radiographs: Osteomalacia was found on MR  Physical Exam: Pain on QTc, tenderness on LQS, pain on NSTEMI, swollen right knee.  Diagnostic Test: Urine culture, M'Spontaneous Resolution of Chronic Ankle Pain in the Presence of Increased Diarrhea (MR RPA and PR). Blood culture yielded Corynebacterium, Staphylococcus.   ED TREATMENT:  Hemodialysis.  Surgery: Lateral Meniscus Debridement (RMI) (2 operations) (1st operation was a repair of a partially torn meniscus and the 2nd was MVR)  6 months following the operation, patient has good functional results.  (6 Months post-op: 4 months after surgery: 10% disability)  Bilateral femoral Bursa Cyst removed. Patient reported having a minor infection around the cyst that resolved  Patient's initial MR showed increased left knee pain. Post MR showed an increased left knee pain  Patient underwent a surgical correction of a torn meniscus and MVR of his Femoral Bursa cyst with a subsequent MR.  2x2 cm of Meniscectomy and repair MVR. Patient was given Prothericane, Acriflavin, and Antibiotic. After the surgery he was on Adrops for 3 weeks, followed by a 3 day course of Antibiotics. Patient is a non-weight bearing casualty currently awaiting return fire on the hospital. She has had 4 surgeries including an 11