**PROMPT:**

AP:  Patient will continue medications and therapy at home. Follow-up with her PCP is recommended within the next 7 days

**RESPONSE:**

 .  Note: if you are having any side effect that is not listed here, check with your doctor or pharmacist.  Comments: There are 2 different FDA-approved antidiuretic medications (H2RAB) available. It is important to read the labels and to avoid taking both at the same time. If you have any questions at all about the use of antidiuretic medications, please stop taking them and talk with your doctor.  Warranty info: This medication comes with a manufacturer's manufacturer's warranty that covers the drug against misuse, abuse, and defective goods for a period of 3 years.  Brand names: Bensalem  Generic names: H2RAB, Flomax  Drug class(es): Anti-diuretic medications  Comments: This medication can cause serious side effects even in healthy, normal persons. All persons should be advised to use this medication and be familiar with the signs and symptoms of side effects, as well as ways to recognize them. In addition to the severe side effects described above, some people may get:  An abnormal heart rhythm (arrhythmias);  Breathing difficulties (coughing or difficulty breathing);  Irregular heartbeat (arrhythmia);  Headaches (nausea, vomiting, excessive sweating, dizziness, confusion, drowsiness);  Heart-related problems;  Nausea, feeling jittery or anxious;  Nervousness, confusion, trouble hearing, feeling faint, and/or lightheadedness;  Uncoordinated movement;  Tremor (tremor) or shaking; and/or  Racing heartbeat.  Please note that the FDA is currently reviewing this medication on their website, as well as the manufacturer's patient information. More info to come shortly.  Note: we do not provide medical advice or treatment recommendations. We do not prescribe medical treatment. You should obtain your professional medical advice and treatment by consulting a qualified physician.  This information is for general informational purposes only. We do not have medical knowledge or the ability to treat the same condition for every individual. It can be very difficult to prescribe drugs or diagnose a disease accurately. You rely on your physician and doctors as your trusted source of information. We encourage you to discuss questions about your medical condition with your doctor so that you can take the best care of yourself.  What can I do