**PROMPT:**

Assessment & Plan:  The patient was admitted in spontaneous labor in the morning of Jan 3rd. Her spouse was reactive and reassuring throughout the course of her stay in labor and delivery.

**RESPONSE:**

  This pregnancy was planned and she was evaluated with a c-section at 37 weeks. She did all prenatal tests and no fetal anomalies were suspected or detected. Her pregnancy was a bit more complicated and she had a small amniotic sac that developed early in labor (2 days ago). She underwent a laparotomy later the same day. I am going to make the judgment call that this was a result of her premature delivery, probably due to the amniotic sac or because of the placenta. I am not sure how to make this assessment given that we were not there in time, but it is the only scenario that gives me pause.  Evaluation & Treatment:  We did not notice any significant signs of fetal distress in this case. However, we did note that her blood pressure was low and she felt weak (she has had very bad shoulder pain after an injury) and had a fever that was quite low. She had a temperature over 105. In order to increase her hemoglobin levels we were trying to give her some intravenous fluid through her umbilical cord. At that point we went to the hospital and was told that we could continue with her efforts and put more emphasis on transfusions over the next 24-48 hours.  We started with 10 units of transfusion on top of her usual amount. She gained 15.7 lb. which is good news. She also had a good amount of pain management during her labor and while in the ICU. The placentas in general are quite resilient and there is no need to rush to a c-section. What this patient needed was to go home and start over.  This woman was very thankful for the great care we gave her. She was also more aware of her birth plan and her partner's response to her. Her pregnancy was a bit rough and challenging, but she is getting much more comfortable and has been enjoying the experience.