**PROMPT:**

Pertinent Clinical Presentation  This is a follow-up visit for diabetes management and for management of glucose control. The pt was previously referred to a nephrologist

**RESPONSE:**

  for management of a kidney stone. There are two additional tests that may be ordered on this visit, to confirm or exclude the formation of a urolithonasal polyp: the P-glycoprotein (PG) 1a, Abbreviated Scale (ABS) and the Abbreviated C-reactive protein (ACP). In this case, the PT had already been advised that he was going to have his P-glycoprotein (PG) 1a, Abbreviated Scale (ABS) and Abbreviated C-reactive protein (ACP) levels tested. The PT's primary care physician will then order repeat measurements, if possible.  If both tests are normal, or if there are no more tests to be ordered, follow-up can be started with a follow-up physical exam. Follow-up physical exams may include a physical examination to confirm that the pt is asymptomatic. If any abnormal findings have been present in the past, such as edema, tenderness or mass, they may be re-examined. The pt will then be referred to a urologist for evaluation of a urolithonasal polyp, based on the findings. Treatment and Guidance  These are recommendations to be followed after the patient has been referred to a urology department. It is important for the PT to communicate his decision to have these tests after his referral to this facility, as failure to do so may delay resolution of his condition. In the past, pt's has had these tests done at other facilities, including our hospital, without the PT having spoken to this facility beforehand. In the absence of such prior communication, these test results may not be properly interpreted. In addition, failure to complete these tests may result in the finding of a new polyp. Therefore, the PT should consult with his primary care physician to find out if he will need these tests at a future time. The patient should be informed about these recommendations in case any future tests may be necessary. It is also important to realize that if a urologist is not present to evaluate the CT scan of the urolithin urethra, this test often cannot be performed for the urologist to be a valid guide. (The reason why this is a concern is that a CT scan of the bladder is often helpful in identifying a polyp in the lower right part of the bladder, which we cannot see with our CT scan.) As a result of these testing