**PROMPT:**

HPI Patient is being seen today for her obstetrical visit. She is at 27w0d weeks gestation. Patient reports no complaints, no bleeding, no leaking, no contractions.

**RESPONSE:**

  She is a very beautiful, healthy looking, and healthy little girl. This is probably the most perfect ultrasound picture we have ever seen. We would love to help you find a couple who can adopt her. Her parents and grandparents would give her the first 3 years of her life to know and love her. Her parents, grandparents and foster parents would be very loving and willing to go the extra mile to be a great home. We would make sure her first few months of life and her first birthday all go out to her. We would give them our full support. We are also offering $3000 for adoption fees to anyone looking to give back to the people in the same situation as us, whether people that already had one, or those that are new to the infertility world. We are hoping she will go into foster care with a family who will care for her until she can be adopted. This would be an amazing opportunity for her birth mother to have some peace as well! We are currently taking calls for more donations. We ask for your donation to go toward medical expenses, medical insurance fees, and other expenses associated with pregnancy and delivery of a child who will need a lot more care and treatment than the average 4 months of pregnancy. We are a group of volunteers who make donations a way of life. We are willing to do anything to help others without expecting anything in return. We don't want to be one of those scams people in the other side of the fence tell you is happening. We want to be able to give you information so you can decide if the information is right or not. Please feel free to call or send us an email with your help or ideas. This is our last email for this pregnancy cycle. We hope you love this little girl as hard as we do.