**PROMPT:**

HISTORY & PHYSICAL Patient reports gassy and bloated feeling and has had irregular stools over the past two week 

**RESPONSE:**

 -------------------------- LYME DIAGNOSIS: Symptoms - Stomach (cramping) and Headache -------------------------- CONSTITUTION/HEALTH/LIFE Health: - Headache, a lump (in the back of the head) --------------------------  RAW Paste Data  Hello, My name is Jennifer, and the reason I'm asking this question was because last month, I began feeling very unwell and was experiencing unusual and extremely strong stomach pains. I would wake in the middle of the night feeling very sick to my stomach, even the worst ones having blood in them. I had to make an appointment with an ENT surgeon for an MRI, but when we arrived, he said he can find absolutely nothing wrong with me, so why bother with the procedure? The only thing he did say to me was to eat more and exercise, even though I'm just doing some basic things right now. The only thing is that my symptoms aren't getting better at all. It feels like someone has a drug on my stomach and it feels like it's preventing me from sleeping. I haven't eaten much in weeks and am not exercising to the extent I used to, even though I can do some basic things, I just can't do exercise because I'm too nauseous. I've taken all the medicines they give me without any noticeable effects, but there is one thing that's making my symptoms worse, and it's this. I wake up every morning and feel like I'm going to cry or throw up, but I'm not. I was at a point where I couldn't even keep food down, I couldn't drink liquid. It's like I was dying. My husband is an avid gamer and would tell me he could smell that something was obviously wrong, as well as others saying the same thing. He would try to make comments like, "You should stop playing games because you're so stressed out" It made me feel like he actually knew the extent of my illness. I would stay home even if there was no emergency, because of this, there was nothing I could do. I've been going to my primary care doc for over a month now for the stomach medicine without any relief, and it's causing me pain, and it made me sick just sitting there! I'm just sick and I'm not getting better, I've lost over 90 pounds in the last 1 1/2 years and I feel that something else is causing it, and not even knowing what it could possibly be. My husband is