**PROMPT:**

Assessment / Plan: Patient will be discharged to home from ED with a 7-day course of antiobotics to treat an acute urinary tract infection

**RESPONSE:**

   Outcome: Patient was discharged home with a low level of bladder symptoms  Conclusion: Antibiotics may help reduce post-discharge bladder pain and symptoms. Routine antibiotic use after ED admission should be questioned  Keywords: Urethral stricturing urethrotomy, Antibiotics, Discharge, Urinary tract symptoms, Treatment, Outcomes  How to cite this article:  Chang CYW. Assessment/plan following urethral stricture. Pre Hose Int, online first March 6, 2016. doi:10.4172/2154-6301.10004  How to cite this URL:  Chang CYW. Assessment/plan following urethral stricture. Pre Hose Int, online first March 6, 2016. doi:10.4172/2154-6301.10004. Available from: http://www.prehoose.com/analysis-plans-following-uste-urotrophic-urinary-tract-strictures/28835  In this retrospective chart review of consecutive urethral strictures, patient outcomes were not improved in any way when assessed from the day of stricture, while 1 patient in 7 became symptomatic after discharge. All participants had evidence of urethral strictures and no improvement in bladder function. These data suggest a lack of knowledge among patients of how to address low bladder symptom scores after discharge.  Introduction  This article summarizes our previous research on discharge in urinary tract infections (UTI). [1] In these publications we observed high post-discharge urinary symptom scores among patients who were treated with ureteroscopy for ureteral stricture and we documented this association in other publications ( ). In patients with a single, stricture-related UTI in a tertiary-care center, it was suggested that a 7-day course of antibiotics was of no benefit in decreasing the post-discharge urine frequency or bladder severity [2]. Despite this study, many patients who were diagnosed as post-discharge UTI in the same tertiary-care center did not receive further antibiotic treatment. [3] In addition, in a large multisite study we found that urinary symptoms were only significantly more common among patients with urinary symptoms after discharge and at home [4]. Therefore, it is not clear whether the poor urinary symptom score represents an ongoing post-discharge bladder infection or an isolated incident of a UTI.