**PROMPT:**

HPI Comments 25 y/o F presents to the ED with R knee pain and bilateral ankle pain following a fall. Pt states she fell down x2 steps onto cement. States she twisted her ankles and R knee.

**RESPONSE:**

  Is this a sign of another fracture. No other fracture to the bones and no history of fracture(s) in this family. ED states ankle pain is a known symptom of her arthritis. EKG states T9 T12. CT scan shows diffuse ankle/knee pain.  The diagnosis at this time states osteochondral fracture with multiple fractures on magnetic resonance imaging.  Post Operative Follow-up  Tailbone, Femur, and Femur. The femur and the tibia bone were X-rayed and found to be fine and normal. The femur has 1-3 small fractures in a radial plane and 1,5-2,4, and 2 large fractures in a latero-aortic plane with a fracture in the right radius. The left tibia had a small 1-3cm left tibiofibular fracture. The femur was placed on a cast over 6 months as he/she worked with his/her physical therapist to return to running and training activities as soon as possible and avoid any more pain and disruption to normal activity (no fracture on imaging).  The patient had difficulty walking due to her left ankle being unstable due to this diagnosis of osteochondral fracture. He/she went to physical therapy for approximately 2 months and eventually started running once again.  Physical Therapy for 7 months followed by 5 months total recovery. He/she stopped running immediately and started a new exercise program on the bike. The runner's weekly running total has doubled since her initial diagnosis of a minor fracture and her ability to participate in competitive sports now is similar as it was previously. This has resulted in continued athletic performance and has allowed for normal life activities. (Read more on my Run Strong blog)  Incorporating Ankle/Knee Medications  As mentioned above, the patient had trouble walking due to her left ankle being unstable due to this diagnosis of osteochondral fracture. Her physical therapist prescribed a corticosteroid injection which has improved her leg function to the point that she can easily participate in recreational activities at this point. The patient has not resumed using running in a competitive setting, however she does engage in some running recreationally. These medications have been helpful to improve her functional ability and her ability to participate in some athletic sports.  Recap  Osteochondral fracture with multiple fractures to the bones (2,4,and2,3) and 1,5-2,4, and 2,