**PROMPT:**

SUBJECTIVE The patient reports several symptoms associated with depression, including low enegery and irregular sleeping habits. The patient has

**RESPONSE:**

  recently experienced a psychotic episode and is being treated for paranoid delusions. There is an indication that the patient presents symptoms of panic disorder. It appears that in the past the patient has had a history of depression but may have undergone a depressive episode recently. There is an absence of depression in the immediate family. The patient, as well as her parents and siblings, had been referred to psychiatric services for depression and anxiety in the past. The physician who conducted the interview for a second opinion noted that the patient had a history of depression in the past, but not during this episode. They note the absence of the classic symptoms of depression. In the past, the patient had been prescribed antidepressant medications, but because they were ineffective, the patient dropped off her medication. The patient's condition was not assessed until after the onset of the current symptoms. During the interview the physician noted positive and negative symptoms, negative social attitudes and general hopelessness. She noted that there was lack of effort for personal change and a tendency of the patient to view the illness as somehow the fault of someone else. The patient was not able to articulate how she felt about her depression. The patient's family and family members said they were aware of her previous depressive feelings but they did not understand the symptoms at that time. The family member who was in direct contact with the patient described the patient as not making any progress in working through the depression and believed that she would probably never recover from the depression. The patient was not able to explain how her depression related to her feelings for the physician. There was no explanation as to why she would change her mind about her marital status from monogamous to nonmonogamous after a previous relationship. This patient was described as an intelligent individual. She did not report a history of alcoholism. She reported that the previous experience with alcoholic beverages had left her with an unfavorable relationship with alcohol. The patient denied any previous psychiatric illness. She was well-educated. The patient was not married. She was concerned about personal safety. The family friend who was in direct contact with the patient described her as a good person. He stated that she was a good mother and the relationship was not at a good stage. The patient described herself as single and the physician agreed. They agreed that this patient was able to change her mood in an effort to alleviate his symptoms. They did not believe her belief that she was being controlled by a male patient. The physician expressed concern that she was depressed because she had a job interview, which had been canceled. An attempt was made by the physician to