**PROMPT:**

Medical Decision Making: Pt will be discharged from the hospital today with a supply of home oxygen and 

**RESPONSE:**

 ibrutin, and is expected to make a full recovery.   -  Update: Tuesday, Aug 4, 2015 7:30am CST  Mt Gox customer service representative, Mr BtcX, has come here to provide an update on MtGox's current financial situation. Please find the details of his comments in our previous news post.   -  Update: Tuesday, Aug 4, 2015 4:30pm CST  Mr BtcX has announced the following update on MtGox's current financial situation as well as his plans for the future:   * He also announced that the company's COO and chief technical officer are currently taking a break. He added that they are "looking into the reason" why both of these individuals ended up leaving the company. He also plans to hire another COO.   -  Update: Tuesday, Aug 4, 2015 1:40pm CST  He later uploaded a new post which also confirms that he is currently working on an app which will eventually enable him to make payments for Gox withdrawals. He has also uploaded more documentation in order to get the application and wallet ready for testing.   Mr BtcX's plan is a long-term one, and he believes that it will eventually help to alleviate his users' frustrations and concerns.   -   Update: Tuesday, Aug 4, 2015 10:30am CST  He was also kind enough to clarify a few things regarding the status of the Gox investigation, which is scheduled to end in a few days.   I made my last post to announce some new features that we plan to provide for our community soon.  On Wednesday I would like to provide an update on the current status of our investigation into the recent large trading issue.   -   Update: Tuesday, Aug 4, 2015 10:15am CST   Mr. BtcX has issued an official announcement on Mt.Gox's official forums, in which he confirmed the company's ongoing investigation into possible fraud and problems in their system. He also provided details regarding recent developments.   You can read the statement in its entirety here.   Update: Tuesday, Aug 4, 2015 8:30am CST   In order to provide additional transparency regarding recent developments at the company, we would like to provide some additional information.   * A number of individuals have contacted the company at the end of this past week claiming to have heard back from the company