**PROMPT:**

Plan of Treatment:  Fever and urinary symptoms: Should these symptoms return please contact your family doctor urgently or visit your nearest emergency department.

**RESPONSE:**

  If the bladder gets blocked, the bladder should be surgically repaired. A bladder pump to treat urinary symptoms may be prescribed to allow the bladder to regain its normal rhythm. You may need injections for this procedure.   Diabetes: Follow your family doctor's advice about your treatment and diet whilst you are on these drugs. A blood glucose test may be done in the first 2 weeks of treatment and then monthly thereafter. A ketone meter may also be purchased.   Sciatica: You can continue to take Neurontin and Tramadol. Please note that they do not affect your other medicines. If you are currently taking an anti-inflammatory that could worsen your symptoms you should discuss your medication options with your family doctor.   Rheumatoid arthritis: Follow your individualized treatment plan.   Other Side Effects: These drugs cause rare, unusual side effects including: dizziness, itching, muscle aches.  Important Safety Information: Do not use Neurontin or Tramadol for prolonged periods. If you need to stop taking them, you must do so as soon as possible.   Before using Neurontin or Tramadol, tell your doctor if you have a history of: liver disease  hepatitis  cancer  kidney disease  nausea or vomiting  low blood cells  neurological disorders  severe liver injury  properly controlled diabetes  severe kidney problems.   Tell your doctor if you are allergic to any of the ingredients in the drug.   Tell your doctor, nurse or pharmacist all you have been told about this drug before you take it. This includes the possible side effects.   Do not share this drug with other people or give it to anyone else. Keep this and all drugs out of the reach of children. Discontinue use and ask your doctor if rash occurs within 3 months of stopping Neurontin or Tramadol.   This is not a complete list of all side effects and others may occur.   For immediate notification of serious side effects, contact your doctor or go to your nearest Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) office. For further information please call MHRA on 0300 123 1100.   Warning: All medicines contain chemicals known as 'active ingredients'. Some of these active ingredients may be poisonous if they go wrong or may have other harmful effects. When used this way they are: Medic