**PROMPT:**

Medical Decision Making: Fever and urinary symptoms: Should these symptoms return please contact your family doctor urgently or visit your nearest emergency department.

**RESPONSE:**

   Fever: The most common symptom of malaria is fever, which is often accompanied by vomiting. The fever can be brought on by being bitten by a mosquito, but fever is not a symptom of malaria as yet, it has to go through a series of stages before it becomes malaria fever. Once the symptoms have progressed to fever, malaria will start to break out. These symptoms include nausea, vomiting, muscle pain and high temperature.  The most common symptom of malaria is fever, which is often accompanied by vomiting. The fever can be brought on by being bitten by a mosquito, but fever is not a symptom of malaria as yet, it has to go through a series of stages before it becomes malaria fever. Once the symptoms have progressed to fever, malaria will start to break out. These symptoms include nausea, vomiting, muscle pain and high temperature. Vomiting and abdominal pain: As with many other symptoms of malaria, stomach pain and vomiting are common. You may experience abdominal pain and cramps. This can be difficult to explain in a doctor's office. If you have nausea (nausea with vomiting), these are signs of dehydration and your body might seek extra water to quench the burning sensation. If you have a fever, you would be advised to drink lots of fluids to help flush the fluids around your stomach and prevent dehydration. There is often no need to wash your hands.  As with many other symptoms of malaria, stomach pain and vomiting are common. You may experience abdominal pain and cramps. This can be difficult to explain in a doctor's office. If you have nausea (nausea with vomiting), these are signs of dehydration and your body might seek extra water to quench the burning sensation. If you have a fever, you would be advised to drink lots of fluids to help flush the fluids around your stomach and prevent dehydration. There is often no need to wash your hands. Other symptoms: You will likely be advised to take anti-malarial medication if symptoms are worsening, such as a high temperature, headache, stiff neck and nausea. You will need to keep your temperature under control, as malaria can start to affect the central nervous system (CNS). You may also need to do a malaria urine test in order to diagnose any liver diseases as the parasites can also cause jaundice, resulting in a loss of white colour in the urine.  You will likely be advised to take anti-malarial medication if symptoms are worsening, such as a high temperature, headache, stiff neck