**PROMPT:**

HPI 25 y/o F presents to the ED with R knee pain and bilateral ankle pain following a fall. Pt states she fell down x2 steps onto cement. States she twisted her ankles and R knee.

**RESPONSE:**

  She presented to ED with leg pain and she was prescribed an NSAID and acetaminophen as well as pain meds.  Knee:  In the PT exam, he palpated the joint with a soft towel, then did a Tinel's test, and noted that she didn't know how to grip the foam roll she was instructed to hold. He then told her to grip with her right hand and then place it on the foam roll with the left in support. She used her other left hand to support the right hand. During the Tinel test she did not feel anything, then she put her left hand on the back of her hand and rested the right side of her knee on the towel. This had to go down to her heel. He then tested her at a 45 degree angle at an oblique position. She then turned and flexed to 45 degrees and felt nothing. She then went to a flat footed stance. After 5 minutes she again tested her with a flat footed stance. She then started flexing, felt nothing, and then went back to flat footed stance. The PT noted that she had no pain at this point. Then the doc gave her a 5-minute warm-up of a series of hamstring and plantar flexion exercises. He continued to palpate and test her with the plantar fascia and then did a full ROM test at a 90-degree angle to her knee. She felt nothing and was able to do the full ROM test at a 90 degree angle. After the full ROM test she continued to do hamstring exercises. After 6 minutes of hamstring tests she then went into the PT's office and the PT noted her pain to be a mild to moderate sprain (she didn't think it would be severe). She was then told to rest for 4-5 weeks and that another exam would take place in a 2-3 month time-frame.  A week after she went in to see him. She did a PT test and her pain had lessened to mild to moderate discomfort. She still felt the same as the PT test, but now couldn't touch her feet on her back leg. It was still too painful for her to bend her knees on the foam roll. The PT stated that she needed to use the plantar pad as the back heel is the weakest part of the foot, which is why she didn't feel her pain when her back leg was on the foam roll. She said that her pain went from mild to moderate and she would continue