**PROMPT:**

HPI This is Medicare wellness visit. Patient reports with no complaints and is currently taking atorvastatin for lipid management and aspirin OTC daily

**RESPONSE:**

 , and diclofenac at 150mg 3 times a day. Patient should do well with current lifestyle and medications.   I have had the following problem with my older PPI for 10-15 years.   I take 200mg atorvastatin 3 times a day and have been on 2x 325mg paracetamol in the morning and 1x 300mg otc every other day.   Yesterday my doctor told me that the diclofenac at 300mg daily is causing the side effects. I was never on this particular drug, but my doctor knew. What should I do? I have been on these medications for 20 years and have been taking paracetamol everyday since the last cancer incident. The only difference is these days is I take it earlier in the day to make up for the lower otc doses.   I have had heart failure in the past and had surgery for it. I can't understand why my heart has begun failing so violently and why it's taking so long to heal again. I'm hoping I can just take the diclofenac in the morning and have the same quality of life as I did before.   Thank you in advance for any knowledge you have on this matter.  Hi P&T I'm having a lot of health problems. I was diagnosed with Hashimoto's 2years ago. My doctor says I have Hashimoto's and I have been on Lupin daily. What I do know for sure is that I'm always having issues with my thyroid. I had an ultrasound and an MRI last week and they think that I have an under functioning thyroid so they are performing a thyroid scan as soon as I get out of my bed on Monday. Is my thyroid under functioning? I have been taking Lupin at night and a thyroid med (T3) at lunch and dinner. What happens with me if I don't get a thyroid scan? I don't know of any type of medications or supplements that can help my thyroid.   We will start with a review of your medications including OTC and prescription.   Your thyroid is the 'master gland' for regulating the body's production and metabolism of thyroid hormones. The thyroid is a gland which sits at the top of the neck and can be found within the front wall of the neck just under the hairline. Although it is best known by physicians as the body's 'second brain', a thyroid imbalance can have a wide-reaching effect on overall health