**PROMPT:**

Pertinent Clinical Presentation  Patient presents with a fever, sore throat and overall unwell. Symptoms reported to start 5 days ago and fever has been persistent and treated with acetaminophen

**RESPONSE:**

 , or as noted, as of today with NSAIDs.  Etiology  The illness is thought to be caused by a virus.  Diagnosis   Imaging  As part of the clinical investigation it is helpful to obtain a CT or MRI of the brain, or a repeat of some of the earlier blood tests; however, this is usually not needed when we make the diagnosis in many cases. The CT can be performed. The MRI is not typically needed. We also perform a cerebrospinal fluid examination.  When a CT scan is not possible or not indicated in your case, we will still attempt to obtain a picture of the brain by using a CT angiogram.  Diagnostic testing. A CT scan of the head will typically reveal the following features on a good day:  Cerebral Blood Flow in the brain  Cerebral Blood Flow in the brain Diffuse cerebral edema  Subarachnoid hemorrhage  Gastrostomy   A CT angiogram of the brain will typically reveal the following features on a good day:  Intracranial pressure (ICP)  Intracranial pressure (ICP) Left ventricular hypertrophy   A repeat test of the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) for viral particles can be performed, and may reveal the presence of virus.  Laboratory Testing.  Blood Tests. The initial blood test for infection is probably a sample from the cheek/facial area. Laboratory values will likely be normal for illness onset and for a few days after recovery. If a positive result is seen, it will typically be interpreted as the viral load has not increased (although this may be a false negative).  Cerebrospinal fluid analysis. In a positive CSF sample, the levels of interleukin-2 (IL-2) and interferon-γ may be raised. These may be the earliest signs of a severe viral infection. The presence of elevated levels of IL-2 and/or interferon-γ should be considered in any patient with a severe viral illness. Other findings in CSF include increased levels of anti-DNA, antineuronal, and anti-nuclear antibodies.  Imaging. Imaging is performed using a CT, but also the MRI, as well as imaging of other parts of the body. If the viral load has increased but not yet appeared, then a repeat