**PROMPT:**

Plan of Treatment:  The patient is scheduled for follow-up with his PCP in two weeks

**RESPONSE:**

 . The following treatment is intended to reduce any pain and improve the patient to a comfortable level of function. The patient may begin by slowly increasing the dose to the desired level while continuing to take a pain reliever. After he has reduced the pain by increasing the dose, he may then begin a more aggressive program of medication by increasing the daily or weekly dosage. As his pain is reduced, his patient may resume the daily dose. If the patient's pain is not reduced by the aggressive medication, then he might elect to discontinue the medication at this point.  The patient is slated for follow-up with his PCP in two weeks. The following treatment is intended to reduce any pain and improve the patient to a comfortable level of function. The patient may begin by slowly increasing the dose to the desired level while continuing to take a pain reliever. After he has reduced the pain by increasing the dose, he may then begin a more aggressive program of medication by increasing the daily or weekly dosage. As his pain is reduced, his patient may resume the daily dose. If the patient's pain is not reduced by the aggressive medication, then he might elect to discontinue the medication at this point. The patient should attempt to return his driving privileges within six weeks of initiating treatment. If the patient has any difficulty doing so, he should consult with an attorney.  If the patient has any difficulty doing so, he should consult with an attorney. The patient should see an ENT doctor for a thorough examination and evaluation if he has a significant disability while attempting to drive.  Patient Testimony  "I have a brain damage and the only thing that works to restore my life is medication. I will be seeing my neurologist this month. I have never been so relieved to get out of here because of all the pain, and to know that I can make my own decisions regarding my medication and I can be the driver I want to be."  "After taking my pain medication, I was so thankful to be able to drive again. However after the surgery, my motor skills began to deteriorate and they were still not back to normal. I tried to make phone calls, but was having difficulty. I would make some progress and then I would lose some of that progress. I was unable to keep my balance when moving. To make a few calls, one of them was to call for help. One of those calls was to the police to report my friend was trying to run off the road. I did not see a problem with trying