**PROMPT:**

SUBJECTIVE The patient presents with allergic rhinitis and a history of GERD and concerns about sleep apnea. 

**RESPONSE:**

  Patient is complicated with obstructive sleep apnea but does not meet criteria for the diagnosis (e.g. >30% sleep apnea in the last 12 months), patient is underweight and overweight (see obesity section), and patient is pregnant Clinical Question(s) What questions should a physician ask in order to assess for possible diagnosis of obstructive sleep apnea The physician must be a careful and dispassionate observer The physician must have an accurate sleep test (or sleep study)   that demonstrates the prevalence of obstructive sleep apnea within that patient's patient population Clinical Scenarios As I have written about in the past for those who follow me on Twitter, my wife and I recently decided to give ourselves the ability to monitor the effectiveness of our exercise program with an exercise watch.  While we were taking on this new endeavor, it became important that we could have a way to monitor their sleeping apneas as well. There are two things that we have noticed about our own sleep patterns that have made it necessary to monitor our own  apnea: The first is that our own sleep patterns are very different than those of most people as of late.  Our sleep periods tend to occur longer  and our sleep duration tends to be more consistent than others (the exception being a week or two out of the last six).  I believe this to have to do with the fact that of the four areas in which we tend to sleep, we seem to have very regular periods of sleeping in each of them.  This would be similar to the way in which others tend to sleep each night and therefore their periods of sleep tend to be rather consistent. Second is that most of the time we do have difficulty falling asleep.  We have difficulty staying asleep and we also have trouble falling asleep in a short amount of time.   This has caused us to spend a lot of time on a bed that we may not want to be on as some nights it has been necessary for me to get out of bed (and spend a few minutes standing upright while lying on a cold and uncomfortable couch) to get back into bed. We decided to buy an activity watch as it seemed like a simple answer to the lack of a sleep monitor.  The activity watch seems to track the activity we engage in and it has the ability to determine the intensity and duration of the activity that we experience.   We have