**PROMPT:**

Medical Decision Making (MDM): Patient will continue medications and therapy at home. Follow-up with her PCP is recommended within the next 7 days

**RESPONSE:**

  if MDM is not well received.  (MDM): Patient will continue medications and therapy at home. Follow-up with her PCP is recommended within the next 7 days if MDM is not well received. Intravenous (IV) antibiotics: patient will continue to take IV antibiotics at 30% of previous dosage. Follow-up with their PCP or nurse will be encouraged in a timely matter. Antibiotics should be discontinued if signs of infection develop within the next 3 days.  (IV) antibiotics: patient will continue to take IV antibiotics at 30% of previous dosage. Follow-up with their PCP or nurse will be encouraged in a timely matter. Antibiotics should be discontinued if signs of infection develop within the next 3 days. Intravenous (IV) glucocorticoids: patient will continue to take IV glucocorticoid at 0.5 mg/ kg/ day or higher.  (IV) glucocorticoids: patient will continue to take IV glucocorticoid at 0.5 mg/ kg/ day or higher. Intravenous (IV) anticoagulants: patient will continue to take IV anticoagulant at 0.5 mg/kg/ day or higher. Monitor patients for changes in liver function.  (IV) anticoagulants: patient will continue to take IV anticoagulant at 0.5 mg/kg/ day or higher. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Intravenous (IV) steroidal agents: patient will continue to take IV steroidal agent at 1 mg/ kg/ day or higher. Monitor for effects on liver function.  (IV) steroidal agents: patient will continue to take IV steroidal agent at 1 mg/ kg/ day or higher. Monitor for effects on liver function. Surgically incised: patient will continue to undergo surgery at home. Follow-up with their PCP or nurse should be encouraged within the next 3 days. The patient should report the occurrence in a timely manner.  What if the infection persists after all other treatments fail or when treatment with antibiotics is changed?  If an infection cannot be eliminated or successfully treated with antibiotics, the Infectious Disease physician (IDS) should consider further treatment options. If treatment of the infection is not successful, the patient may develop serious sequelae. Patients experiencing complications of bacterial infection should have follow-up consultations with the Infectious Disease physician