**PROMPT:**

Pertinent Clinical Presentation  The patient presents with allergic rhinitis and a history of GERD and concerns about sleep apnea. 

**RESPONSE:**

   This patient is being treated with a PPI.   The patient also reports a history of having frequent shortness of breath with activity and is being treated with a CPAP.  I can see no other reason for such a finding.   This particular patient has a history of having a very stressful work week and a recent surgery which has had its effects.  At the time of the episode, he was on his period of bed rest from the surgery and was not feeling well. The previous two weeks, he had been going to bed after the surgery.   As soon as this patient woke up, there was a sense of rapid weight loss.   A physician should not expect a patient to complain about a sleep apnea exacerbation.   I recommend bed rest and the administration of NRTPs as soon as possible. PPI Abbreviation: PPI and its abbreviation is propofol.  Background  Background The use of propofol as either an anesthetic or as a muscle relaxant has been known for several decades. However, the effects of propofol as a drug in general for treatment of sleep apnea have been less well elucidated since its introduction.   In 2004, a systematic review and meta-analysis concluded that propofol is not superior to placebo for the treatment of apnea in adults with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).1 However, there was evidence that propofol was superior in adults with idiopathic obstructive sleep apnea (OSA).2   Although propofol is frequently prescribed to patients with COPD and as a muscle relaxant, its effect on sleep is unknown. Propofol has been used by physicians for many years as a method of sedating patients in the surgical intensive care units.3,4 Propofol is known to inhibit acetylcholine and cholinergic neurons in the brain and gastrointestinal tract, which would in turn affect sleep apnea.5-8 The use of propofol in patients with apnea in the past is thought to be a result of the development of more potent anesthetics, such as propofol and propofol mesylate.9,10   The mechanism of action of propofol in sleep is being clarified and may involve its effect on the cholinergic pathways affecting the breathing centers.11-13 Propofol has been widely used as a muscle relaxant in humans and has also been given, in small doses, to