**PROMPT:**

H&P EXAMINATION The patient presents with allergic rhinitis and a history of GERD and concerns about sleep apnea. 

**RESPONSE:**

  The patient states that they have been using their CPAP mask for about a year and that they have begun experiencing issues about 12 months ago.  He reports to us that their symptoms begin when the mask is switched off and that if they switch off before they feel the air pressure in their throat, their symptoms will go away.  We can note that the patient admits to using the CPAP mask for more than 18 hours in a 12 hr period and the patients' symptoms will likely worsen. The patient states that he is also experiencing nasal congestion after he removes the mask while exercising.  He indicates that after 20 min of running his nasal congestion is gone and that it continues to improve, but it seems to be a daily problem for him.  As soon as he puts the mask on, he gets a significant worsening of his symptoms. The patient states that he has not had a sleep test in the past month and that for the past 3 months he has only been able to attend to his sleep problem when he is running his CPAP night and day.  He has been working to improve his sleep hygiene and says that he doesn't know why this is an issue.  He also states that when he has a full night of sleep on Monday, he typically has a good night's sleep the following morning.  He has been able to get a normal night of sleep the prior week when he had only slept at night. He says that he is not using the CPAP to get through the day but only to stay awake at night.  He states that he would be more inclined to use the mask if he knew that his sleep problems would be resolved as quickly as possible if he switched it off immediately.  He states that he gets tired of using it daily so he would prefer to keep it on while sleeping.  While his CPAP may improve his sleep at night, he continues to have problems with falling asleep and he has stopped using it completely since having problems with falling asleep earlier this year. I do want to caution the patient in the presence of any new product that you have to be patient and just try to get the benefit of using it.  Try using it every morning and evening the first time.  If it isn't helping get you to sleep better at night, try to keep using it for a bit.  You may not get results the first time and you may need to try it a couple more times after and you may need to switch to more aggressive CP