**PROMPT:**

HISTORY & PHYSICAL Patient reports gassy and bloated feeling and has had irregular stools over the past two week 

**RESPONSE:**

 !!! My doctor sent me to a specialist Dr. A.P Ramaiah on Monday for a test because the stools did not change in any manner !!! No improvement ! I would like to be reccommended to the local private hospital if i go there for my exam and also the appointment from 10 th Aug to 2 nd Aug,2014 for further treatment. I am waiting for your kind reply ?????? Jai MALI BANDAI NIRPAL. Ramaiah  Dear Sir, I suffer from a very painful condition and need to visit the hospital and have already paid for several hospitalization. I am a bachelor aged, 28yo. I can't move anywhere, can't swallow, my back is becoming swollen. I have tried to get a good sleep and was eating lots. But still it doesn't help me. I'm a little worried. Please take note of my concern and if you are able to help me, my name is V.R.K.Kamala. Please advise me as soon as possible. K.K Ammal  Karthik is just a boy of 13 years. He's just an average student. He's been having this condition for some time. It's affecting his life and his school work but has been difficult to treat. In desperation he reached out to me to find an end to his suffering. I did some simple analysis for him and he got lucky. He is feeling better and his condition is rapidly getting better. He's happy and looks forward to being able to sit at his desk and continue his education in school. Thank you for this kind act.  Thank you so much for your response. Please do check back on my posts as I'll be sending you some interesting information on this condition. Karthik  What's the best medicine for bloating?  BOOZE/DRINKS: No, it isn't, if the symptoms have persisted for a minimum of three months and/or you know your body is stressed.  LIGHTING/LIGHTS: We find sun to be one of the most beneficial things for those suffering from bloating and/or weight gain. A bright, bright room/loud environment will go a long way. We also recommend using the light in the morning to reduce bloating during the night. The light of dawn helps to make all the fluids come out faster. The same applies for reading, exercise and the use of alcohol.  DO